hello everyone and welcome to the happy
hour special of hot line League that's
right we're doing it three hours earlier
because it is the 21st episode of course
on the 21st episode we got to go to
happy hour so that we could drink to
celebrate the legal drinking age of hot
line League in u.s. whatever the point
is we've got Apollo on the show today
we're gonna be talking about all things
na LCS finals in Miami because I just
got back yesterday I had a great time I
hope you guys all enjoyed watching it
too all that more coming up here on hot
line League opened by HP the only got
only got the omen by HP thing I don't
know why I didn't say hot line League is
brought to you by omen by HP but that is
that is who it's brought to you by my
part in there yeah we did
let's go ahead and go around the table
and talk to some of our friends here
first off is my constant co-host who is
joining me on this episode to celebrate
with 21st episode it's mark Zimmerman
mark it looks so bright in your room
yeah you know it's day time out here in
the desert I have my shades on before we
started I your room was actually not
this bright and I could see like the
color of the light what happened I
turned all my lights to be white and as
bright as possible because you gave up
on the color scheme I just you know I
don't wanna be the only one in a color
filled room I did not give up on it it's
just we do you in heaven
live hotline League last week and I have
not my gear and everything it's not
recovered to be able to yeah you know
I'm not using the same tripod right now
that you guys use for that show I
definitely didn't set things up mark you
know I just try so hard and you just
undermine me at every turn next up we
got Apollo price for his debut episode
on the show Apollo how you doing I'm
good how are you good
very good very good how when did you get
back home on Monday yeah it is
go you're kind of cutting out oh yeah I
got here on Monday so I've been here for
a little bit
that what you've been reading really
didn't nothing anything pretty much not
related to leak as much as possible okay
really so what is an example of that
yeah you have any like like are you
playing other video game like you just
say I'm not doing nothing that's legal
legends really tell us what you've been
doing I have faced before a knife and
some other games my friends um most I do
went to my friend's place hung out
normal normal thanks cool it's behind
you in the shot because I know people
are gonna ask come well Alec it's behind
me and Davis Liam and David limpet okay
there you know lead directly behind your
than Alec is next to him I think they
need to change do you set your your
sensitivity on discord to be very high a
little bit higher yeah I mean because
you're kind of cut now yeah I drop it
down a little okay
well how are you doing morning V this is
better what do you mean how am i doing I
since you got home have you been doing
anything is every just like not doing
anything no I've been about as busy as I
normally am it's the coming days where
I'll have a lot more time because
starting tomorrow I'd be going to riot
start building countdown out and stuff
like that and then Friday would be
Academy but all that's gone so yeah
that's when I'll have a lot of free time
how are you gonna fill your free time I
don't know yet
so I was I had dinner with Ovi yesterday
actually finally and we're talking bout
how like I start a lot of projects and
then like kind of just let them die yeah
so I was looking at every single split I
have started at least one project so I
need to figure out what I'm doing for
summer okay and then let that one die
after like a year I mean they they go
for a walk I would only say one was a
failure
the rest were successful that I just
moved on from what was the Bowie's the
failure come on what the hell that was
not a failure that was always intended
to be a limb it got cancelled cancelled
that was a we were planning on bringing
it back a year later but you know
obviously oh yeah yeah yeah and the
numbers were great they were in no way
was that show anything
a success listen Oh omen by HP is here
in the chat apparently weight wins the
where's the omen is that actually owned
by HP I assume with this I'm gonna know
mod it but if it's not owned by HP
somebody please tell well god this is
this is the worst show for them to show
up for because we don't have our lights
you know the looks all wrong marked the
show is perfect like it always is please
buy bet literally sponsor in the okay uh
well let's let's go ahead and chat a
little bit about this past week before
we get into calls Apollo have you
recovered from what was a pretty rough
series for you yeah I recovered pretty
quickly I think
okay I mean it still hurts a little bit
but you know we I got a we got a few
months to cool off how long till you
touch me again I mean probably like
tonight even I don't know I'll just play
like some sort like you during the
offseason but I'm not gonna like I don't
want to get burnout because even like by
the time playoffs come by the time
playoffs came it's kind of hard to play
silky and so yeah I'm just gonna let
other people play by the way hairy toe
too in chat says why does Apollo have a
green medical-marijuana cross behind him
which is a very good question it does
look very much like a green medical
marijuana call is that a real thing um
if you go to I've never actually gone in
a dispensary but you can if you go down
to Venice you can see all like that's
what they're all lit up like that in
front of Spencer ease and you should
just not something else like some other
kind of art thing I think well we have
like a lot of art in our house I don't
think you tended yeah I see paintings
everywhere behind you yeah well there's
like there's gotta be like a lease you
know a few hundred in our house so it's
weird no you know who likes pot artists
that's obscene thing I'm gonna say
before we move into calls cuz I think we
just there's clearly we need to get into
calls everyone see it's very funny to
see project
pie in chat say what's the best deal
you've got going on right now - oh and
by HP and omen up by HP being like app
project creampie Travis could tell you
all about our deals it's just it's great
to see sponsors I had the deals with the
community those during the sponsor break
in just a moment Apollo but okay first
off of all have you watched a single
episode I mean you know I'm a huge fan
of the show okay okay
I'm still a huge ok thus far you've
enjoyed it twenty minutes of waiting for
the show to start okay do you want to
[Music]
mark do you want to give the spiel on
how this works so that you can educate
Apollo and our audience sure so for
people who haven't watched the show
before like Apollo we have a discord
that people should join up in I'll be
spamming in chat now you can also do an
emote for the discord and you're gonna
join there and there is a text invoice
channel that you're gonna want to join
you're gonna want to type in the general
text channel whatever your tapes are so
you thought the finals weren't height
you love the finals Miami was a great
venue Miami was a shit venue whatever
your take is you're gonna type it in the
general text check
you'll also need to join The Voice
general channel you can meet yourself
there if you want so you know your other
people or whatever and then I'll be
reading the messages taking people out
and pulling them into the waiting room
do a quick Mic Check make sure you sound
fine and then we will hop on air so
sometimes if you are a sub you do the
access to a sub chat where you can ask
questions there we are just a little bit
more likely to pull from there just
because there's lots people talking and
we kind of check them both out so that's
how that works if you are a sub Sao
Paolo will bring people in that you have
to talk to them okay
Marc and I just we get up and leave the
room and then you just you talk to them
I mean it is the point of the show so
but if you don't want to ignore them
you're saying yeah you can you can do
whatever you want on the show but I
don't know why it was too long
this is it there oh I'll I'll talk to
them yeah so for just a couple couple of
things to we're gonna be talking I think
about and looking for topics mostly
related to na LCS finals but if you guys
want to talk about other stuff if you
want to talk about you know will teal
have any kind of showing it MSI if you
want to talk about just the end of the
split or you know after getting MVP
whatever that's all good stuff - yeah
ideally close to this weekend so that
way we can save those other topics but
oh whatever looks good people already
pulled so I don't know how long you want
to fill yeah I mean I think I'll just
since they are in the chat right now and
I am such a big fan of them and I'd love
to have them hear me talk about them I
think maybe now's a good time just
really touch on omen by HP who is the
sponsor for our show got a laptop right
behind here that took with me to Miami
courtesy of their support streaming this
off of an omen by HP computer and I've
been using their stuff for several
months now and I you know again they
never say Travis you have to officially
endorse this you know they just want me
to talk about a little bit but I'm super
happy to say that my experience with
their products have been really great
over the past couple of months of their
support they actually hit me and broaden
up with some gear going into Worlds last
year that we were able to use there as
well so it's super nice of them to not
only support my personal content with
gear and that kind of thing that helps
make all the stuff move forward but also
you know they helped us let's support
the show so that mark you know gets more
than just a weekly meal for me and
payments which really appreciates yeah
and these headsets are pretty nice I
haven't managed to break them yet
and Martin likes he tries to break
everything he owns I mean you've seen it
Travis is not the most yeah together I
mean you could work in the t-shirt he
has on and give it I know a t-shirt this
is of how much he how well he takes care
of his stuff do you know what this issue
is no it's the dice I might have told
you the circle okay it's the 4/20 cash
okay baby that
time to talk about this yeah yeah finish
the plug and then all okay
Oh Bubba Cola just hooked up opened by
HP with a sub so they're now a sub to
this channel congratulations and when by
HP you know you you guys support the
show and my audience support you guys so
fantastic welcome aboard owned by HP you
can now you already using the emote so
that's fantastic it's a beautiful thing
you know my audience supports omen they
support the content it all works out
really well so thank you so much Ellen
by HP you can go check out their Twitter
almond by HP I know that they tweet all
sorts of cool stuff and and yeah yes I
know Sloane I know that's just you and
nobody else but I like to pretend it's
the entire HP company that is watching
right now and chatting in twitch chat so
thank you so much to owned by HP really
appreciate it moving on yeah this is the
shared story I I didn't realize what was
on the back of this shit I was at Urban
Outfitters and I just like the front of
it because it's like it's a nice color
it's just time to get up
thought it was a nice shirt and I just
bought it without looking at the back
and then I think I was at riot she's
walking around campus with this shirt on
a lot of people fuck why are you wearing
a shirt that's like oh yeah no I don't
smoke weed but I guess I I really give
off that vibe when I wear this shirt
yeah well that's great so me Nepal have
a little uh you know a little connection
now yeah yeah foolproof right just give
to this up the right game so
congratulations Riot Games for also
being I haven't seen so many people just
get gifted subs is in your channel like
just non-stop of random people didn't
get did like I think I saw some it get
gift it or something just like Ryan
deflect yeah big stream all the all the
big names and brands and publishers are
all sub so my channel you can go check
it out I've said I don't even know you
could do that and there you can gift
subs yeah well maybe someone will gift
you one well what's nice to you is if
you have sub alerts it doesn't say that
it was gifted only says that in your
chat so like if people aren't looking at
chat they'll just think that like that
person was watching
yeah holy shit ninja watches Apollo
that's so crazy
yeah that would be crazy especially
since I don't stream so yeah do you have
do you have a stream like a twitch name
yeah I do
what is it the polo underscore price
okay so you're not in you're not
watching I can't actually get in because
I can't log into my twitch account
without two-step identification oh you
know I don't get to step in at my house
like we don't have service so I can
never lock into twitch ever again yeah
you know okay so there's this really
cool thing that happened a while ago
where you can connect your phone to a
Wi-Fi connection so it's not just like a
cell connection you can actually give it
access to your personal or home network
and that speeds internet into it yeah
well I still don't get the text message
or whatever for two-step so let's get
into the car yeah it just says Apollo
price just subscribed on but yeah you
don't see like if you're watching twitch
right now you'll see it just says that
doesn't say that noob activity yeah
thanks to the poor well thanks I mean
yeah I don't know that's good that's
great you can now use my email all over
the place I mean when you eventually
figure out how to log into your account
so really quickly while we wait for mark
to grab somebody we got dr. Lamas subbed
joobs Shifu bait i I Kris or eye crease
23 music medic 88 sandy toes HS
obviously Bubba : with a gift omen by HP
flow over strike with get to write games
mobile call with gift to Pete lucky I
need to make sure mark is no Becca oh
thank you for the cheers cool off 33 bet
on black okay I am going to Vegas
tonight for those of you that miss the
pre Travis gaffur gambling funds yes I
don't know the legalities of that let's
talk to good connectivity who destroy
the show
good connectivity it's nice to have you
here maybe you can help Apollo get some
of the messages he's been trying to get
to his phone no good connectivity where
he called from Vegas I'm going there
literally landing there around 11:00
tonight so if you can just pick me up at
the airport where what do you want to
talk about it's so I kind of want to
talk about the people who you know
awesome spring split and that's 100
thieves because so the big point I
wanted to talk on was how important I
think we all know how important Efrem it
was I would sort of compare it back to
the good old days when you used to have
high like just be this huge force for
c---nine where they might not have
really had these great teams but you
still had high you're like oh man you
know see and I might suck but if they
have high they still have a shot at
winning and I think that sort of what we
saw for 100 thieves were necessarily
they weren't the five best players on
the rift I think maybe some day was the
other only other player who I would say
was this you know outstanding person in
the role and I sort want to hear your
thoughts on the impact of the
shot-caller rule and why 100 feet was so
good and if you do think that they can
sort of translate this into the next
foot yeah mark do you want to kick us
off on this discussion well I guess I
actually want to ask Apollo because I
think a lot of people felt like clutch
actually should have won that
best-of-five first hundred thieves and
the reason they didn't was probably due
to nerve slash shotcalling leadership
maybe because they did have a lead in
Game five they maybe could have forced a
baron at one point after they got some
kills near dragon on the enemy jungler
at TP advantage but they didn't really
split solo during that time so I guess
I'd want to hear Apollo's opinion like
do you think it was the leadership and
Shaw calling that let them win that kind
of fifth and final game hmm that's hard
I mean well first of all I guess I'll
talk about like this series itself like
first is under thieves I think either
team could have won that series right
like it was obviously really close I
think we could have won it we had like a
really good opportunity to win that so
like it was jumping in our hands but I
don't really know if it was like I think
just in general having you know the good
shot caller is
important but at the end of the day I
don't think a hundred thieves is like I
don't think they won because they had
like a better shock collar I think they
won because they're just a better team
or like they just you know they play or
they play better on that day so I think
it's really important that like they
have a for me like you know have that
big voice but I mean they're all still
really good players I wouldn't like
discredit any of them I think they all
played really well and then you know
when they go against TL they obviously
weren't good enough like you know if we
were against teal I don't think it would
look too much different maybe we had to
get like one game or something but I
don't think you look too much different
do you mind if I say something just to
sort of respond to that yeah yeah I mean
that's it's a discussion you're welcome
to you you're allowed to speak Thank You
Travis
raise your hand okay
so you sort of commented on how 100 fees
were just as better team do you sort of
think it was mechanically they're a
better team or you know do you think
this what's a shot-calling where you
know it's coming into the team fight to
where aphromoo is really just being this
you know great chuckling force I mean it
depends on what situation you're talking
about I think you can kind of be both
right like some situations maybe they
play the team fight better and that's
mechanics and just like experience maybe
or just mechanics and like target
calling but I think most the game end up
being macro oriented so where we you
know where we position ourselves on the
map and like how we rotate so I think
yeah maybe I I think the reason why they
once because they played the macro
better not just like Game five is like
you know throughout the series I do
think they played a little matter a
little bit better fair enough oh I'm
just really curious because for the most
part I would say if we're going laden by
lane you guys 100% had you know the
better matchups when it comes to I would
personally put Lyra
over meteos febiven over Rio and I would
actually put you over Kody Sun rather
than or I think Kaku and Ephram can be
really close they're building
well mechanically I think they're both
really close but I think sort the bigger
issue was Ephram II was shocked all in
force so I really appreciate this once I
felt really cool
sorry yes sir choked yeah so I actually
want to ask about that a little bit
because I felt like everyone thought the
100 thieves clutch side of the bracket
was the easier side because both those
teams got three owed by the other team
but I want to ask Apollo did he feel
like it was the case we're like one side
of the bracket was way stronger or do
you guys feel like you might have chokes
a little bit and based off your
impressions 100 thieves that they
underperformed mm-hmm yeah I mean it's I
think our side of the bracket was like
our side of the back was technically
harder in terms of seating right I think
it's kind of evened out yeah I guess I
kind of even out like good job yeah
basically like after seeing TSM's
performance it was like that's kind of
when we knew that the bracket was weaker
right like I would like TSM was
obviously gonna be difficult or like we
thought it's gonna be like really
difficult but then since we beat them
then it's like 100 these versus clutch
gaming it's definitely not as I mean it
wasn't like the stronger teams and then
like when he had bucket Fox and TL
another side of the bracket yeah I mean
it's definitely depth of those I was
definitely stronger I don't think you
can really argue that yeah but do you
would you say you guys also under formed
is it strictly just like better better
teams on the other side cuz I feel like
it's one of those things from it's it's
hard to get people to like admit like on
a day people can play better or worse
like you know I think hakuho looked like
a fucking God in the TSM series and
still look good and some of the other
ones but not quite as dominant I don't
know how you felt about that yeah I
don't think we at least me and Nick I
don't think we performed as well again
hundredth eve series yeah a lot of it's
like um you know maybe just like game
just some games in general right like
kids it's a best-of-five so you can have
good games and bad games but in general
do you think we didn't perform as well
at least in vault lane but they they
didn't really like outperform or like
hundred thieves doing like outperform
that hard either right like I don't
think they punished our mistakes at that
well
so yeah me no no no I think we both
liked both the teams like weren't that
great
and then they just kind of got the they
just like won the third game pretty much
all right well the last time another
good connectivity is literally in the
twitch chats think he's trying to move
on to the next caller oh that was me
oh wait no no good connectivity in chat
wrote that he says yeah yeah yeah no I
meant I meant it was me who is not
moving on to the next Co no it's all
good good connectivity thank you so much
where what should I do in Vegas tonight
don't lose all your money don't lose all
my okay well we'll see I said wait I
hope not I don't have a lot of money
lose but maybe maybe the bits and thank
you so much love you with Fusion thanks
Ben
thanks for coming in love you alright so
moving on to the next quarter marks
grabbing them right now saying thank you
to cool us 33 for the thousand bits he
says on BET black blonde squirrel used
150 bits and row me cake has summed as
well looks like we are back with the
fourth Hokage is that how it's
pronounced yeah you've been on the show
previously I think you're also very
quiet you have to turn them up I put
them on 200 but I'm worried it's not
gonna be high enough okay just project
it into your microphone
all right click your microphone inside
of your mouth don't okay well what do
you want to where you come from I'm from
Dallas okay what would you like to talk
about I just wanted to mention that I
think Team Liquid looked really good in
playoffs and I think they're being
severely underrated and they have a good
shot at making the final at MSI so you
think Team Liquid looked really good yes
and could potentially make finals yeah
final em aside depending on how the
group how like the playoff bracket get
set up yeah I take it King's Own they're
probably not gonna okay so how much this
is a good question and I would direct to
the first question to Apolo first of all
I'll send it over to you mark how much
should fans be hyped for Team Liquid
following thier three oh because I think
you know even in in the interview I did
with Peter he was saying that he felt
like 100 thieves just kind of fell apart
after the expensive Baron steal so how
how much can we take away from Team
Liquid strength as opposed to hundred
T's kind of collapse you know I think
you can put a little bit on their
strength I thought there they fell
behind in different series multiple
times and then came back through
strictly macro they did it against the
c9 series where they fell 7k down and
came back and they also did it in Game
three of the hundred thieves series like
several they were just several moments
even in that first game like they were
losing that first game until they got
well that was that was a game that they
were winning and then they start getting
picked and then they should have lost
that game after their most likely so I
definitely agree with that
one but I think they did it in other
series too is what I'm saying so wasn't
just strictly a 100 thieves thing where
I thought like they seem to understand
how to play against the 1-3-1 well when
they don't have a won 3-1 like they put
their bot lane usually is ahead so then
they put their stronger bottling mid and
then they rotate them to like shut down
the guy who split pushing and they
execute on that very well it's not like
your hard concept but it can be hard to
actually do so that's nice but they do
fall behind a fair amount and if you're
going up against the best teams in every
region you know you can't just follow
behind and then come back all the time
so it's a little concerning I have a
hard time knowing exactly where to rate
them because this whole split was just
like such a clusterfuck cuz contrary
contrary to 4th hokage I am I don't
think you can get very hyped for Team
Liquid I after that serious like and an
after player playoffs around like I
don't I'm not saying that they can't
show up really well at MSI
but I don't think that you can that
anything that happened during this these
last couple series should make you feel
that way like there were several points
where they made pretty big mistakes and
then they just kind of got back in which
you could look at and say like okay well
that shows like the mental resilience
and the fact that these guys can play
for behind and all that stuff but like I
don't know there are some mistakes where
I'm just like why are you getting caught
out like that it just feels like they
are probably going to get abused pretty
hard by you know the best teams from
every region
well I'm very curious about your take
yeah I mean it's good it's I mean I
don't know if like they were underrated
per se like TL that is I think everyone
saw that they you know they did really
well and North American they did really
well in playoffs but like when you're
going against like Korean and Chinese
teams or even like the other regions
like I don't think you can like say how
well they're gonna do the other the
other regions are really good you just
you kind of have to wait and see I think
TL are clearly the best in na and they
have really good macro but they always
say a flaws and I think what's
interesting is that they're pretty
aggressive as a team at least in scrims
are really aggressive and I think on
stage they're a little more aggressive
than other teams so I kind of want to
see how they fare against like other
teams that may not be as aggressive like
the Korean teams usually aren't as
aggressive I guess besides King zone
actually so it's only King zone going
well okay then I want to see them go
against King zone and IG which are both
like pretty aggressive teams that's good
who doesn't want to give up his solely
quite yet I am I am super confident he
look good and people are under rating
them that's probably about like half of
three the reason that I think that they
can finish in finals I will say this it
does feel kind of like they have the
seal
gee MSI 2016 finals like feel to it just
because like that what that team was if
my memories right they kind of fell
behind and I'd like a decent chunk of
their games but these we're still able
to macro and kind of push through and I
just feel like it's gonna kind of be the
same thing where the other teams are
also quite new except for King zone um
happy what sorry I actually keep playing
well the other teams are kind of new and
I feel like at MSI they're gonna kind of
if they do get a lead they're not gonna
push it as much as they should like echo
fox I feel like that's the reason echo
fox really was able to be Team Liquid
throughout the regular season and take a
game off them in the series they pushed
once they got the lead they actually
like pushed it extremely hard and ended
the game almost immediately yeah that
that's the whole reason I think they're
gonna out macro them and be a little
more aggressive I think the other teams
are gonna kind of choke except for
probably Kings on hmm have you watched
the other regions besides Korea like I
you know like IG is going a mess I think
or probably one of the teams are going
to MSI and then as well as fnatic great
I haven't watched IG as as often because
it airs about the same time credos and
I'm I don't have enough time to really
watch the vod's yeah that's fair but uh
fnatic I feel like they I feel like
they're kind of in the same situation as
TL I think all most of the EU teams are
also kind of like bad right now
macro wise and just like overall play I
think they're both kind of in the same
situation and just it's almost the same
team as that they had at Worlds and they
were really kind of passive for most of
the games at Worlds and a lot of the
ones were kind of like comebacks yeah I
mean I think for a Europe it's really
hard to judge how well they're gonna do
as well
so it's like just because ya know
whenever whenever we see here Europe
play internationally it's always just
they kind of get rolled over and then
they come back learning from what they
just after getting smashed but I think
the reason why it's like concerning for
North America is because I think China
looks pretty strong as a region and then
as well as Korea and then even like
what's other region you know being a mom
Vietnam like they're not even that bad
either right so it's not it just it does
it doesn't feel like it's like it's that
easy for na to like just roll through
and then get to the finals at least from
my perspective I still flake I still
think Europe is not like awful phonetic
he's not like a really bad team or
anything like that
I don't think IG is gonna roll over
either they look scary or I think it's
IG versus EDG so either one of those I
just because I forgot the reason why I
didn't really include IG they're top
laner the shy is still has that wrist
any injury or whatever and I think that
could screw them up at MSI
he's where he has a restaurant in G oh I
think it was a wrist injury of the shy
their main top laner right now I believe
they're playing Duke I I do look at the
post-match threads on Reddit sometimes
and that's what I saw oh yeah I mean
yeah that guy is insane I think he's
like the like the best hop winner at
least in China town of that means too
much but he's really good whenever watch
their BOTS but if he's not able to play
though that'd be pretty bad well thank
you so much for calling in one last
question how long how long have you been
a fan like watching Pro League oh I've
been a fan since late season four and I
kind of became a curse fan once they uh
they beat CLG in the season four
quarterfinals okay I was just wondering
cuz it's a lot of newer fans you know
season 5 season 6 you still maintain
that na optimism so I was checking in
checking out
like sports teams it's like anytime the
team it's like Katie I also they're like
my second favorite team in lck anytime
like it seems good but they disappoint
for some reason like I'm drawn to it
thank you so much Bertha car game and
thanks for being so and thanks for
joining very good moving on to the next
call set audio down again turn it up a
little bit for him so tell me if that's
an issue thank you to gabby the gaba
--the for subbing as well should have
another person right now alden Peroni
where are you calling from Alden I'm
calling from Hawaii from Hawaii you
don't mind me asking what island Oahu
Oahu very cool no one's the one that
matters I mean I I try to go to Maui
like once a year now because I've just
absolutely fall in love with it so I
mean like like um I'm probably like all
the other islands I've been to the Big
Island that's that's nice yeah I have a
friendless from the Big Island and she's
uh she always says good things about
isn't it Wow who just like super traffic
ewwww
yeah and it's see it's even worse now
cuz we're building a rail for like
trains and stuff yeah and there's so
much traffic and like I think we're like
the state with like the worst road rage
in the country really Hawaii is the
place
well like people are too nice like I I'm
not sure like there's like a lot of
indecisiveness that goes like between
people because like oh no you go no you
go and then we just and then there's
always like stupid drivers on the road
yeah and I think because like we're so
densely populated it's like 1 million
people on just one island that's and
there's like so many like so many cars
to put on on the same road there's gonna
be like it is already like at least two
crashes every morning on the news
that's crazy wanna go to Oahu he said
it's the only one that matters but I
want to go to like if you if you want to
go for vacation here no no I I'd rather
you go to the neighbor island since it
so it's it's nice okay
it's much nicer well thank you very much
for the information I really appreciate
it
let's what do you actually want to talk
about though yeah I actually want to
talk about how I didn't like how small
the venue was for the spring finals
weekend the the film our theater it's
like I think like the the whole like
finals atmosphere I associated with like
last summer with where they had it in
Boston at the TD Garden 15,000 people
sold out and then you go from from that
atmosphere to just 2,000 people and like
the stage and the Indian analysts desk
are just like so close to each other I
felt like that was super weird and I
understand that riot wanted like a more
intimate atmosphere between like the
fans and the players but I think it was
a bit too intimate for for my taste
sure honestly so the problem is I think
that you're only the only issue I would
take with your logic is that you're
comparing spring finals to last year's
summer finals I think the better analogy
is comparing spring finals to last
year's spring final yeah yeah I'm a
Vancouver location and much bigger than
you know it is actually bigger your
right than the venue that they had here
but the problem was they did not sell
out that location at least for the third
and fourth-place matches and that venue
also kind of just sucked to be honest
like I it was like a like a stadium next
to a theme park
it had like no flavor of personality I
mean that's that's why I was not I had
no issue with this venue compared to the
bank Vancouver when I love Vancouver as
a city but I didn't mind like a smaller
venue that felt like I don't know I like
the theater look but tell tell me
because this is something I saw people
talking people actually cited on my
videos and I felt almost kind of guilty
about it because my video I didn't I
said I was fine with the spring finals
location being smaller but then like the
reddit thread that was like what Travis
said spring finals was gonna be smaller
I didn't know it was gonna be this much
smaller I was I would much rather see
that right there pop up whenever we're
on like day 14 of the msi and the
fucking berlin studio but setting all
that aside like what was the experience
like watching online cuz I know like
what how did it feel watching online cuz
I keep hearing people say it felt too
small yeah um
felt like group-stage honestly like like
the teams are like next to each other
and like there's lace there like across
the stage from each other and it felt
like it was I felt like it was kind of
too close and then I don't know that was
that was just me it was super weird like
just only having to turn your head like
to like 45 degrees from the stage to the
analyst desk you know yeah well I mean
you were not you were watching online
right yeah I wasn't watching online I
don't have enough money to go all the
way across yeah I just want to be clear
because you said turning your head 45
degrees but unless you were watching in
like a VR experience I assume you're not
you're just saying what it must have
been like to be there yeah yeah
and so just it just felt small and
that's kind of what felt bad yeah that's
that's how I feel okay that was kind of
like disappointed holiday small it was
yeah would you think Apollo having
played in there potentially watch the
finals there hmm
I mean it was like oh okay I don't have
too many reference points because you
know I don't go to the finals very often
uh but if any was like I guess you know
a little bit smaller than actually I
don't even know how big the Vancouver
was I don't really know but I guess it
was like a little bit smaller just from
what I would guess everyone was like
twice as big at least have you
been to like any collegiate sports like
hockey or basketball stuff or yeah you
cuz like the Vancouver one was about
like the size of a big collegiate
basketball or football all right now
football uh hockey rink like you it was
indoor it was not like a massive place
but it was probably like 10 like 5 to
10k seating whereas this one was like
2.3 or something right okay well then I
mean yeah it's definitely a bit smaller
it it did feel a little bit weird that
we weren't facing the audience I thought
you know like when we're kind of like
angled like that and facing towards each
other it's a little bit strange I
thought I mean it's usually like I'm
used to like kind of facing towards the
audience but as because of playing on
stage at the LCS it's like much more
angled towards the audience than towards
each other yeah exactly and even so that
my only other experience I played on big
stage was a Madison Square and even now
obviously that's like a lot bigger and
like you know differentiation but that
was you know still the guy my sphere was
like just so much different and then
going to this one it felt a little bit
more like I mean it's not that bad but
it felt a little more like the ESL
studios like when I went to I am not
even not I'm not I don't want to compare
it like that but it was definitely you
know just scale at least yeah yeah in
terms of scale yeah exactly
well I mean yeah I'm watching it I felt
like it's still fine and it's still good
exciting but I don't know I never really
liked its it still felt like this same
in terms of like pressure or yeah I just
still felt the same terms of pressure so
I didn't really know if it was like if
it was bigger if I would feel different
or feel smaller than if I would feel
different or not yeah all right I mean
is this in it okay
what if that arena was twice as big but
on the day that you played Apollo it was
like half empty yeah and see that would
bake oh yeah it'd be kind of I don't
know how I'd feel I just feel like kind
of like sad almost you know like we're
just not popular enough to have like you
know good amount of people to watch or
like not
interested in enough to watch right
because they feel like that's often the
issue that happens with the third and
fourth place match especially in spring
and I I think there are probably some
financial ramifications from that as
well for the right side riot is not the
type of company that would ever come out
and say like we lost too much money when
we did a big venue so we're not going to
do it again even though I think that
that's actually kind of a an okay
statement but I think that's part of
reason why they do smaller like it they
just have a harder time selling out
spring that being said like the Miami
crowd was so passionate stuff they might
have been able to do it had they had a
bigger arena I don't know but I don't
know that's interesting I am curious all
denned you I do know what is that like
how what the structure is for a messiah
in terms of venues I'm I'm still like
fairly new to like this stuff I'm only
an offense since season seven started on
it gotcha
so you've been watching for like a year
and a half basically yeah okay so just
so all I was gonna say is what is
interesting to me is that people had an
issue with this venue for being for
bring spring finals but like almost all
of em aside is gonna be in the EU LCS
studio which is basically like if you
don't want you else yes I'm the vast
vast majority of the people that watch
this show probably don't because no one
really does but that takes place their
viewership was almost the same for the
final yeah there's just people tuning in
to watch na LCS and waiting you know na
LCS away i watching you LCS - and like I
like how their studio looks we like the
screen behind them and stuff yeah I
personally I personally think it's
better than that na LCS TV they are your
connection from Hawaii is breaking up so
we're gonna have to say would you want
an international competition there
though Travis is going at just there
yeah the EU LCS - because that's what's
happened with Emma sighs the group stage
of MSI is being played there and I think
even some of the bracket stage I I do
want I would like to
have it somewhere else just to make it
feel like it means something just like
oh it's so it's so important like this
is a major event so major that we're not
gonna like go where we usually are or
just go somewhere else
where everyone can gather and we'll
watch every team all the best teams all
over the world to do watch and stuff
yeah something like that so do you think
it's more exciting when the venues like
bigger like let's just say you know the
venue that we had for spring was the
same kind of scale as it was for summer
like is that just more exciting for you
guys like as fans or free as a fan just
like watch the event when it's like this
is so many people watching I think yeah
just like having so many people watch it
it just for me it gets me like super
excited and stuff it's like well so many
people are watching over there I wish I
could be there with all those people you
know but so in the Miami venue didn't
feel that way it was just like - like a
lesser extent yeah to a lesser extent
that's that's how I felt yeah yeah like
I still wish I could have been there but
just like with more people it would have
been like more fun you know yeah very
good well thanks so much I really
appreciate you calling all denied I do
think they I mean I did a pre video
previously about this so I do think that
this is something worth paying attention
to as time goes on and yeah I mean I I I
still kind of contend to the idea that I
don't mind spring finals for feeling
smaller than summer but I can understand
that when people are have just watched
summer you know six months before they
probably expect to see something like
that now so thanks so much for calling
in Thanks all right moving on to the
next person here crazy Kareem 63 sent
three thousand bits thank you
crazy Korean 63 going to Vegas tonight
can't promise that that won't end up
lost on a blackjack table adcast 98
subbed in swart 7 subbed as well as
thank you to those individuals and it
looks like we're getting dr. Manhattan
himself marked as you know dr. Manhattan
was what the song was at the events this
past weekend oh yeah I mean that's
that's why is here actually Travis oh
really yeah I talked to him enemies this
is super nice guy
dr. Manhattan where you calling from
right now I am calling from the East
Coast here in Washington DC with
somewhat of a cold somewhat of a cold
see this is why I try not to shake any
hands of these events this is I only
miss fun
I made a concerted effort to do the fist
bump thing and to wash my hands like a
crazy person after this event I am
feeling okay right now which is the
first time that's happening a long time
so just let let this be known dr.
Manhattan what do you want to talk about
I kind of want to actually contesta the
last college point in saying how like
the Miami venues sucked how much people
like oh the venue sucked it was too
small this and that but uh I can't want
to talk about mainly from the
perspective of someone who one did go to
the event and to who has been to other
events in the past like how much well
while not perfect I think it was one of
the more memorable ones from a
standpoint even with the smaller crowd
and just that's going on so it's worth
it's worth pointing at so one what other
events have you been to since
Tirana which is summer 2016 I have gone
to all of them since and I also went to
Madison Square Garden in 2050 and I
think yes it went to Toronto so you went
to MSG Toronto Vancouver Boston and now
this nice you got to see me play twice
thanks yeah I did actually I know it's
pretty cool exactly yeah w so worth
noting that the last color called in
cult so this was the thing is that I
actually talking to the people that were
at the event I feel like for the most
part I actually I think I would couple
of them said that they wanted like a
smaller a bigger venue but most of them
seem to enjoy the experience on site
so maybe ironically like I've already
thought that the people at the venue or
the
that are gonna want like the bigger
venue but it sounds like maybe two
people that are watching online like
that's where they experience it and
that's why they want the bigger venue
but I don't mean to jump ahead dr.
Manhattan maybe you can talk to us a
little bit about what your experience
wasn't and why you enjoyed it I would
say the main reason I liked it one I
think that the crowd is pretty cool in
terms of just they were definitely
passionate I definitely within that one
too when we're talking about the venue
the fact that I think in terms of the
time of year it is cuz I mean a good
amount of people I talked to in terms of
like League of Legends are like college
kids and like some of them really just
can't like commit like a weekend you
know to go to like a venue in spring so
as a result I feel like that's kind of
why you don't see as many sales in
spring compared to summer and some of
the most people are just naturally
inclined to take a vacation so that's
why I think it would it didn't really
hurt them as bad and I went to the
Vancouver venue I'm totally with him and
that venue was it definitely could have
been better so there's that it's
comparing it to other venues don't even
knew that like was legitimately as
upstanding as it was when I went was
when I went to the Air Canada Centre in
Toronto a fantastic crowd fantastic
venue really just had no completes with
the event and Madison Square Garden
because I was my first one I went to
hear my complaint with Vancouver was the
fact that I didn't like just the overall
feel of it wasn't that small did go to
the third place game and I agree with
you what kind of felt sad to just be
there and seeing how half-empty the
place was and it was rainy and hard to
get to yeah that too but um like I feel
like the venue can ruin the fact that I
did love going to Vancouver in general
like a lot so there's like what do you
think about trying to balance it verse
on life fans though because there's
2,000 people at the event and 500,000
people online watching and while I
understand that you you can't you don't
want to undersell the third fourth close
match the terms like who shows up if you
could make it a little bit bigger do you
think that would be a better thing or do
you think like it doesn't really
as long as like the event is well put
together which I think the Miami that
clearly was yeah I think as it's got
strong as you put it together relatively
reasonably then yeah it's it's a it
works fine also you know the only thing
that kind of sucks is the final but you
know the fact that it's not maybe as
hype as a 20,000 to 30,000 Arena venue
but in jet like but in general I think
that it's kind of like most people
really didn't try to say I wanna try to
say is this that people are trying to
just just look at the number and say oh
2,000 venue 2,000 feet venue this sucks
ball aw and also when I go to arenas
this is just something I notice but
people are just kind of rude as where as
in when I went to this one people were
just generally nicer and much friendlier
elaborate I don't notice people like you
know are so nice to me they grow up the
pictures you're Travis gay tell me how
do you doctor man I thought this was a
standard extreme well fucking Gaghan
stepped on it's not the same experience
Travis basically marks he but uh yeah
like people are just in general just
like whenever I tried it like like I
remember when I went to like Boston and
I was like trying to talk somewhat the
game he just look like so like just
maybe that's that's just Boston it ya
know like I'm I'm down with that guy
like I'm humble type person I walked
past me in the hallway even if we know
each other I'm probably just like I try
to talk to Marc every day and he tells
me to fuck off so I tried lunch with me
today and I was like I already ate oh
yeah that was pretty much it so if it
he's from that area so that makes a lot
of sense ok ok alright then that kind of
makes it Leslie but people were just in
general and these arena so that it's
just like hey bear like I'm just like
talk about the game there's like okay I
guess like this one there's like two
three people sitting next to me and I
was like trying to we legit had a
conversation we were just you know like
and you know we had like four or five
other people within like rows away from
me
getting in on this conversation too and
it's like it just felt so much more
intimate in that theater I loved one of
the things I liked about it too is that
just and like this is such a
thing or whatever but like the they were
able to write I was able to do so much
we were able to do so much with the fact
that it was like Miami and that there
was such like a cool feel to that right
like I think whenever they went to Vegas
they didn't really do a good job besides
maybe the opener of making it feel like
Vegas less states just felt kind of like
a standard stage setup but I actually
really hope that riot continues to pick
like very interest like again I've heard
that there are complications with taking
it to Texas but in a world where they
take it to Texas I want to see Apollo
riding on a horse you know like oh yeah
I would like to see that happen so it's
really cool man the limo is pretty sick
and I think like just to go off on or
just to go on the topic where there's
like so many people kind of very
intimate it did feel like I mean even
though maybe it wasn't like as big of a
venue it still felt you know the energy
was still there right like you still
felt the same type of energy when like
you make a big player when the enemy
team makes a big play and like just
they're just yelling I don't think maybe
the people don't really realize that
when they're watching the stream but
when you're there at the venue it's
still like you know it's still it's
still there and when tl wins and like
all that all the confetti pops out it's
still like a really cool experience and
maybe it's just hard to realize that
when you like watching on stream yeah
and I think that's the reason why people
say that or like that's I think that's
where like the penny comes from where
they don't really feel like it's as cool
or whatever but it's at least for me
it's still felt like really yeah it's so
fun really cool yeah I hopping back to
the route people point I also have a
small like guess that like it part of
it's just that people are like a lot of
fans are just nerds and they might not
be the most so there's kind of nerds and
they might not be like as socially like
that I probably shouldn't have done that
kind of thing I don't know maybe it's
lost people know but he said also at
Vancouver it's wrong to write less than
Toronto a bit more in Vancouver I mean
we were coming in wet from the rain
maybe that's it - yeah that's what's
gonna say for my
you're like on the beach you're always
like doing shit like just the general
attitude of that population it's just a
different mark they're all very upset
with you you bunch of fucking nerds okay
I guess that the final point I want to
lead us on is I do agree with him Travis
was saying it's just like I want to see
them more embrace the whole culture of
just like the whole environment that
they're in you know like the whole oh we
got like Miami Vice kind of themed
lights and stuff or like you know I
didn't feel that in like Vancouver it's
just like it just felt like okay I'm in
Vancouver I guess and they really didn't
really try to embrace that as much as
they could have yeah yeah I don't know
what the van coup I love Vancouver I
don't know what the feeling is there
yeah what would you do to make Hoover
get a moose or something teen or
something okay Apollo writes it on a
moose I just every time I go somewhere I
just want Apollo to write in a different
animal someone have someon on stage
getting some poutine or something not
not that I don't like the idea I just
yeah I don't know how being Cooper does
yeah they're they're just Canada thank
you
dr. manhattan's so much for calling in
and it was great meeting in this past
weekend likewise it's a pleasure coming
on the show Thanks I wonder if I met him
I don't know if I met him or not hey I
don't if I met him both times sports 7
subbed adcast indeed I think I might've
said Chinua Achebe at captain captain
Redbeard and forth : with the 300 bits
he says please I got deseed from the
waiting room marked Osito fourth Colin
donated and said please I got a seat
from the waiting room so I don't know
who forth Colin I hold anyone called
forth Colin I think he's trying to buy
his way okay
he's like Ron he's like oh these six
hundred bits actually say I got deseed
from the waiting room by the way
whenever mark was calling everyone
twitch chat nerds I just want to say
that's not representative my opinions I
think you guys are all amazing people
especially the subs well are you saying
nerds can't be amazing people in Rockies
here speaking of which system
em rack em me rack me
before Mirek Merrick 64 it took a while
for me to get that name Eric where are
you calling from
at resistor San Francisco all right what
do you want to talk about now we had
sweeps and both the LCS finals and EU
LCS finals this past weekend but my
topic we also had a sweep in the
third-place match in 10a so a lot of
sweeps and I want to talk about how I
game series are more exciting but I had
a lot of fun watching both the Fox
series and tal series I think there's a
lot of spectator value to seeing a team
play extremely well and show a skill
difference like how dark got not even
Lee Rosen even little sticks against our
liking one of those games at 10 minutes
so just seeing things like that it can
still be really exciting versus the game
series can sometimes be a display of
lack of skill rather that and display a
skill and it could be drawn out rather
than like a good example would be the
SKT Rock semi-finals in world season six
that was great stuff from both teams but
other fighting series could no but it's
good yeah I didn't have fallen yeah I
[Music]
felt so bad for them is just like the
game was not about bot lane at all
it's like mid is always pushed even
bought lean a little bit cuz they had
the Nami pick but I feel like they were
so holding on mostly fine it's just like
mm-hmm a bunch of losing lanes with an
Olaf just like destroying your germ
rising yeah it was just like how are you
supposed to like that's that soloqueue
game where you're just like fuck me I'm
not been playing basically yeah and then
it felt extra bad because it felt like
all tech and Adrian got caught out a
couple times and then it just doesn't
matter because it didn't matter at all
yeah like it just didn't matter at all
like and I I do like because a lot
people are complaining about like a lack
of individual carry potential I did like
to see Derek Hulk out that hard and I
know it was kind of like alright they
had a clear strategy of pushing lanes
and the team was supporting him well but
that part I did appreciate that like
Derek made that series his series yeah I
mean they never played it well I didn't
have fun so
I have fun watching that first series
either literally like I was in the press
room catering came there wasn't enough
space to fit in there and I was like
okay well this has nothing to do with
the series and I can't watch the game
and eat at the same time and then I saw
all the kills come in on clutch and I
was like this game is done so I just
took my food and went to a different
room because I need to do this once
again this sounds more like a problem
with where you could eat listening it I
would just like to see a bigger press
room in the inlet now I'm just kidding
oh I'm just saying like this thing it
was so not worth watching that I didn't
watch it yeah I know it you're saying
that like it wasn't like you felt like
you're missing something if you took a
minute break but also the AC would bring
it directly at the table that the
catering was on so the food got cold
really quickly
you didn't there so and you answer the
correct questions without even having to
watch the game which is good yeah and
well because I watched the first on the
third night the second game I think
everyone will forget about it because it
was so pointless I know actually member
what happened the second game it was it
was trundle and you guys stopped their
first level one in bait and then you
tried to contest their one on top side
of blue and then Lyra dial one and then
like Nami Rome level two and Lyra was
like kind of going to their jungle and
you got again and then we could like ask
the chat what they feel about it to
start seriously I think you know
watching the other games like you and
teal I don't think it was that I mean I
kind of it was a little bit boring but
it wasn't like I don't know I guess it's
kind of hard for me to say it because
I'm like you know a pro player so like
I'm watching
games kind of for like other reasons as
well not just like entertainment right
but it's still like it's still like fun
for me just like to see that just to see
the games just because they're you know
the best teams in the region so yeah I I
didn't mind the next Kate days best of
three and I was gonna be like oh god
Peter one but legitimately I actually
thought those games were pretty hype
like the expect the Baron steel was
crazy and Poe Belcher had all these
crazy alts like there there were and
most of the game most of the time in
those games I actually did feel like
they felt pretty competitive
I don't maybe it was the third game that
felt like super lopsided but yeah I
don't know I actually thought there were
a lot of really hype moments in a lot of
moments where you thought like either
team could win or that the other team
was gonna win or something so I was
sorry you gonna marry part of my plan
was also that even if it's a sweep some
people might just look at the 300 and be
like okay it was a stomp but you can
still have those like crazy as here
places crazy pics my parents still and
it can still be a competitive game
despite this week when I started the
clutch game wasn't as company but I
think the same things and the speed of
the clutch and liquid game specifically
I think that was another exciting part
that it wasn't just like a team winning
three 60-minute games where anyone could
have won it was you're kind of breaking
up a little bit there but yeah I go
buddy saying that we're like sweeps
still can have like really cool moments
and I think they they did for the most
part the only problem was like Game
three you kind of saw the writing on the
wall by the time like they had that
meteos play in the bot lane that was
like clear now that was like alright
this series is wrap it up like I mean my
my favorite sweep that I talk about
often like maybe the best one ever was
whenever CLG swept TSM at MSG cuz that
like everyone lost their shit there was
so much like TSM was so expected to win
that first LAN yeah yeah like the the
history and everything building up made
that sweep like it was better as a sweep
than like a close
five I almost feel like cuz it was just
plus loco tweeted like get ready for the
three Oh today like there was so many
things that like as you started to
realize this thing was gonna happen it
was it was just crazy so I will say I
talked to double lift at dinner and we
like a half jokingly but like both
Westerkamp
like man do you think you guys want to
quickly so like you know you didn't get
the time to like build the hype up for
the series a little bit he was kind of
like yeah dude I definitely should've
tried to win so quickly but there was I
think like that little bit of life he
would have wished that they put up a
better fight yeah yeah I mean we asked
him if echo Fox would have been like a
better like would have brought a a more
high final and he said yeah I think it
might have been a little bit more fun so
like I think he even he was like a
little disappointed that it all just
kind of rolled over so quickly yeah he
said he felt like you know their team
kind of went mental boom after just that
Smithee steel and so I think like you
like like you're saying it would've been
nice to have a more competitive series
yeah I mean this entire series was like
after the first match they like kept
trying to do like the early game stuff
he was like with Thalia I just get shut
shut down and so it was really sad to
watch cuz I feel like for the first 10
minutes like fails 400 thieves or 10 to
15 then you just like look at the team
comps you just you just know what's
gonna happen which really sucks
ya got more rooms off in Game two it was
just like Jesus yeah yeah then mentally
you're like okay past me you can't
explain why was it that everyone liked
you echo Fox just everyone I talked she
was like yeah team like what's gonna win
cuz it they seem so expected so we're
scrims just like completely one-sided
for TL or like what led everyone to feel
so confident I mean I think yeah well
first of all yeah screams are one thing
right um
that's like kind of a common theme but I
just felt like T L always had like even
if they were losing it always so like
they still had a chance to come back and
then not only that when when we were
winning it still felt really difficult
to close out the game like when you know
when when the 20 Liz up like 300 or
something and like we have like
losing Lane they just like know how to
play and then control the game and then
end the game like really quickly but
like when we have the same lead it
didn't feel like we could do the same
that makes sense like we you're not able
to punish this harder we're not able to
like close out the game that easily and
then when you play against hundred
thieves or maybe even echo fox okay and
I can't judge I'm not gonna say anything
back Fox is clearly I don't have the
right to but in terms of a hundred
thieves like they you know it still felt
like you had a chance to win even if
them even if they are ahead that even if
they are playing well yeah very good
well hey thank you so much me rock it's
a hey suit Schneider yeah yeah nice you
know and we had the other week where we
had an all magic member steen realized I
didn't know anything am look sorry yeah
wait when was this or what was it for oh
I know oh oh wait no I think I do about
it was like I think it's fine with
Captain flowers and without with Captain
flowers yeah yeah okay nice house nice
to meet you before I grab the next
caller a van gal to-to-to in twitch chat
was wondering are you single Travis are
you single you're the one you chose a
question you don't have to answer it if
you don't want to I like to know comment
on this question no comment alright
breathe if you're single we'll be moving
on to the next caller we have a couple
people here coolest 33 changed their
mind they want me to bet their money on
red so maybe we'll do that or bet my
money that they're giving me full of
extract donate five dollars says put me
in the call so I can verbally as well as
digitally berate you for enabling
Pawar's I haven't enabled hager so I'm
very confused by I think he's saying he
wants to brief or not also this is Colin
who donated I actually to the waiting
room
I actually just forgot until I saw him
read his question again oh so so he did
and
we're just trying to buy a head oh poor
Colin Colin I'm first off I'm sorry I
listen and now that I don't work at
Yahoo I I have a lower quality of
professional I can gain access to for
these types of shows so I I apologize
what where he called from Colin hi I'm
calling from Ottawa Canada Ottawa Canada
we have a Canadian nice what would you
add on what's that oh yeah but that's
just okay well I like to talk about
let's be some Canadian think we have
what do you want to talk about so I want
to talk about resources on the map and
so you always hear teams talking about
neutral objectives waves CS and of
course teams and fights and every time
you hear people talk about going pro
play like these are the macro items that
people are really concerned about I
argue that from my perspective I
actually think something that's not
talked about enough it's time time as a
resource and so for example um you know
in this new year now a lot of people
think why do Koreans when they come over
to na why do they play that why can't na
teams even when they like mimic the
Korean scream style and practice just as
much and import you know these great
coaches why can't they deliver and I
actually argue it's because na doesn't
practice or it seems from the outside
not to practice execution time on their
place so essentially just like at a high
level you when you when our teams go
international it just seems like we're
never executing our place as fast as the
other teams can execute there's a great
examples like you saw TSM at Worlds you
can during their 2016 run if you look at
a lot of the NA teams now like every
time you go to a high level of play it
seems like we're doing the right stuff
just so slow so much slower than
everybody else so I thought would be a
good question to bring on well all those
here maybe you can speak to how you guys
talk about how fast or how long plays
taker if you talk about it at all so I
think I think that's something you
should talk a little more
what uh what can you give us can you
give an example of what you're talking
about
because I think I know you timeout but
you know from what from your perspective
what's an example so from um so from my
perspective a really good example is
like I remember specifically TSM was one
of those players like especially when
though it was beerus and doublelift
bio and Sven they would frequently play
this game where they would try to take
vision control of the topside jungle and
play around Baron and try to bait people
into fights but the level of like
meticulousness that they would do that
was really good but it just took them
forever also if you look at like cloud 9
and Team Liquid in the game one of their
series when they did that big dance
around the bear in pit um like people
are I just think that people are really
hesitant and that's the criticism of
like na players for a while so just
whereas if you watch a team from like
Korea or China it seems that once they
the game times are necessarily faster
but once they decide that it's a good
opportunity to make a play the players
just seem to execute the play faster so
mostly I'm talking about their invades
rotations the both a break down did a
king zone macro break break down riot
released it where they talked about how
King zone just literally it just backed
faster rotated faster and they have
played through just like literally just
rotating faster than the other team so
that's kind of examples I'm talking
about I think well the example you're
talking about where exams are you
talking well it's really just kind of
case-by-case so it really depends on
what scenario you're talking about but
it really comes down to like a lot of
other things a lot of like a lot of
factors and most most the time in terms
of like executing plays has to do with
how much are controlling the waves and
like pushing out the waves because
that's gonna create the amount of time
that you have to execute so if you when
you're on the map and you fix your wave
so that it's pushing into the enemy team
then that's like going to determine
how much time you have to set up your
play and so I think from what you're
saying is that when we do or when ni
teams do have that turn or when they do
have that time they don't execute or
they don't set up correctly which i
think is true but I don't know if that's
just like a North American thing it just
I think it just has to do with how well
you were you know as a team like how
well your players understand what to do
but yeah sure Korean teams definitely
know better or like you know the good
teams maybe does not just Korean teams
but the good teams do you know how to
execute better I will say just on the
specific topic of time I don't really
think that's how the Korean teams think
about it either having worked with a
couple of them and I don't even know if
it's quite the right way to think about
thing what you're saying cuz like time
is specifically communicated sometimes
when it's like we have 10 seconds their
mid laners behind me like like stuff
like that you sometimes hear like if
you're on the roam first and then you
can like decide if you want to make the
dive or not because it'll turn into an
even and fight or stuff like that and
sometimes also like I know any any any
sort of timers are obviously
communicated but like a lot of the other
stuff is like Apollo was saying like
minion wave based and a good example of
that was in the I think was the first
game of TL vers 100 Thebes where Thiel's
botlane was crushing the other teams
botlane they couldn't get a recall off
because they had it frozen a really
weird spot and then TL went for Dragon
which then gave 100 thieves a chance to
push out the bot lane and swap their bot
lane top and then they had a faster
reset on the map and then they were able
to trade top turret out effectively and
then like kind of had the tempo
advantage for a little like a period of
time and so like you know people do talk
about tempo a fair amount in those kinds
of situations but it's you're usually
doing it off of things like minion waves
and resets and like when you could push
and a lot of that is limited by other
factors as well such as what's our HP at
what's our man at where's the jungler
like you can't just blindly push or
something like that in that example dude
chill actually froze the wave so it's
like you had like it's so much time yet
like so much time and that's like that's
when you can like think about it but
it's really like when you're in those
situations where you're like doing
Aaron Bates of like of course you're
thinking about how much time you have
like your you have to be looking out for
when you know when they're gonna be on
the map but like when you need yo catch
the mating waves and it's really just
all about minion waves because you can't
you lose many waves and you just losing
on all like you're just losing on
experience in gold right so if you can't
push out the wave all the way then
you're gonna have less time or yeah I
just it's really dependent on that that
does that sort of address your your a
thought : yeah I just have one one fall
out pursues um so I guess in in a
perspective of like when you have waves
crashing and the obvious that's a set
amount of time if you go like let's say
you are going to go you've decided okay
let's we have an opportunity here to
take a dragon do you ever review vod's
or anything like that and think about
why does when we did this this time it
took us like half the top like it took
us maybe 20 seconds whereas this time it
takes us you know a minute like I just
feel like that other team is that's
where I meant is like is there ever a a
successful play that's analyzed based on
how long it takes you singing how long
it how long it takes to like kill the
dragon or how long it takes to set up
the dragon I guess just like the the
whole play both well so it really
depends on first of all like what timing
they gave me talking about as well right
um let's just say like early game for
example when you're talking about like
one of those four does seven-minute
dragons where like it really depends on
how well your lanes are doing rate or
like even our series versus echo fox
they have to pushing lanes right and
they have a offer you know they just had
no Lofton he's able to sell all the
dragon so in that case all you're doing
is telling your team hey I'm gonna go do
dragon keep your lanes pushed and then
maybe at the end of the dragon you guys
can come help me and that's there's no
like time involved that's just using
your wave using your lane pressure to
get to secure the dragon right and so
now if you're talking about like mid
game where like dragon is like a huge
content like huge objective and you have
to contest
sit and they're not doing like laying
face anymore right like all you're doing
is catching waves and then pushing it
out and then moving to group with your
team in that case it now it's like if
since both teams are contesting it or
since both teams are looking for the
dragon you can't just like choose when
you want to take it right because
they're gonna contest you and you have
to decide whether you want to fight or
not
so I mean it's it's really just
depending on the game flow and like the
game state and how like well you control
your waves or how well you control
vision so when it's your turn to control
vision when you are the ones to shove
out the way first and then you get to
the dragon first and you control the
vision then then you can start it and
take it and then you have to like wait
an hour and then you have like reset and
then go back to catching waves and it if
you you if you take a long time doing
that then you just have to recognize
that the enemy team has like a long time
like their turn is a lot longer at that
point because you have to catch waves
but yeah I don't think there's any like
situation where you're like thinking oh
we have to do this dragon in 15 seconds
or we're doomed
it gets really all about like setup and
then recognizing what the enemy team can
do yeah I think I think if you're
looking at international teams that are
really good versus North American teams
they're really good and seeing that the
other teams are faster on stuff I think
that's less it's more like a symptom
than like the cause I would say we're
like they do other things better that
allows them to execute quicker it's not
like you focus on white like the fact
that you're slower first you can say
like man if like we just don't ever take
our 4 it takes forever for us to get a
baron why is that you might look into
like what's causing that like oh well we
rarely buy enough pink wards so the only
team has more vision or like you don't
keep min priority well or you know
there's a number of factors that can go
into why things are taking longer but
you're not looking at and just saying
like we do it slow and like let's start
counting the time of why that like how
much time it's taking or something I
think you you look at other causes yeah
Colin thank you so much for you cinch
yeah thank you sorry for the
residentsleeper question no no it's good
that's good because first time I don't
necessarily say it's a residentsleeper
question it's the type of thing we're
like gameplay questions we definitely
don't get enough of because I think I
somewhat biased and my inability to
answer them and so that's kind of like
whereas this is always great to talk
about whenever we have somebody like
Mark and a pro player on because I mean
I wouldn't be able to give you a good
answer that but obviously these guys can
so thank you so much thanks ok moving on
to the next caller so by the way if I
get a I don't know I need to figure out
how a certain number of subs I will
stream my placement match right after
this and if it's a little bit above that
Apollo will actually ADC with me in that
placement match I'm a support he'll play
with me and coach me the entire time
right along I didn't agree to that but
we can talk about it after whoa all
right we've got Duke on the show Duke
where you calling from a calling from
Boise Idaho hmm you always get sorry
Francine yeah
Idaho finally we almost put the whole
show about yeah
so how's Idaho uh very underrated very
underrated okay to explain what so I
have never been to tomorrow if I went to
Idaho I might have slept through the
entire time maybe you can come what why
Idaho's underrated what's the value in
Idaho well well that's tough question
because valley there's a lot of value I
mean somebody why is it country
subsidized on corn and stuff right
tell me about Idaho we've got potatoes
we got a lot of those all right you're
not helping with what do you want to
talk about Duke I was interested thanks
Apollo you always got my back um I know
this is mainly for about clutch gaming
roster so we all know as an a the import
slots are pretty coveted or at least I'd
like to think so it seems like for an
import slot Lyra kind of grossly
underperformed and I know Apollo clearly
is in no position to be like yeah ally
Rose Lyra was terrible but I don't know
what was the team dynamic like was a was
it obvious internally Lyra was weak
point or do you disagree with that I
also would say you know don't put words
in Apollo's mouth maybe he can't say
I can see although just how shit was
your teammate this place well yeah I
mean this is a good time to say it you
know I think I played the best out of
everybody and everyone else is just
really bad though you really trying to
say here is off the roster for summers
with that being said we're gonna build
the team around me and xsplit and now I
think well first of all I think that's
wrong sorry I don't think he curse and I
performed I think yeah maybe played
poorly in that I mean if you're talking
about the echo box series it's like sure
right like you know we played poorly oh
sorry did you play poorly Apollo I don't
think I played very well I didn't play
like what sucks about the dekabox series
is that like when it whenever when it
when I think about that serious like
what can I do better right like when I'm
just like sitting there and I wish I was
I wish I was a lot better or I wish I
was better to the point where I can like
you know pick up the sack for my
teammates but I wasn't so that's that's
what sucks do black fox yours anyways um
about Lehrer I don't think I mean I
think he's a he's a good enough in bryn
spot he knows a lot about the game he's
got a lot of knowledge and he's one of
her like when we on stage he his
shotcalling
I don't know if I want to say shock
alone but the calls that he makes her
like a lot smarter than the ones that we
make as a team or like the other players
somebody said in an interview I forget
who that he was basically the coach for
the team somebody said that yes somebody
said that when being interviewed by
somebody else yeah yeah so I I don't
know it's really like I think yeah from
a fan's perspective maybe it's really
easy to see like oh you know he's down
two levels he's just awful and he's not
worth it in sports law but I don't think
that's fair and I don't think that's
true either I think you can well first
off you can have a bad game and there's
a lot of other factors that can come in
to like how you play poorly or like how
how poorly the state looks like from a
jungler like you have to remember that
jungler can get really easily fucked
over by your team I over by the enemy
team if your team doesn't help you right
so I don't think that's fair to like say
that you know they're not like he's not
like worth an import so I think he's
definitely
bird slot and of course I'm biased too
cuz you know I'm on the team and I would
never like say that he wasn't but yeah
so kind of calm blowing off some of that
I think I think a Paul excuse me
I think Lyra had some of the lowest
first blood rates and I think your your
entire team did too and so I guess a lot
of people look as the jungler is kind of
like the the activator for like what's
gonna happen in your early game and like
one of the only X Factor's cuz everyone
else is in lanes for the most part so
like what do you think were some of the
reasons for that was this like an
intentional team mentality thing cuz I
think a lot of the people talk about how
well you guys play defense and that's
like it was it a strategy was it just
like Lyra and you guys did not
communicate well and have good early
game plans or like I guess I was just
saying like what would would you make of
that I mean I think yeah it's it's
definitely more of like a team problem
like you know we just didn't really do a
good job of using Lyra and or maybe he
didn't do a good job of like you know
being more assertive but when you're on
stage it's like I think he was deaf and
more controlled with his or just like as
a player he's a little more controlled
he's not gonna go for those like 5050
ganks he's like more of the player they
would rather farm and then look for them
you know 70/30 or 80/20 ganks rank but
our main wind condition at least it felt
like was the way the way one most of our
games was like through mid lane I think
they like you know Heyman febiven did
like a good job of using or like working
with each other but when it came to like
too often bought we didn't do that great
job of that that this flip so it just it
was just like a team thing I don't think
has anything to do with like you know
Lyra specifically David Lim who's in the
twitch chat right now I would like to
know when he can have his living room
back that's what he yes I mean that's
Abdi yes well they were watching anime
on the TV uh and what anime that and I
told him they can I think that watching
code code something Code Geass because
he's yeah and he's coming out and
they're gonna end for it and they're
watching that is really weird name kid
next door that's my favorite enemy
yeah that show with stick that shows
I'll show it's great all right totally
agree all right listen let's get back on
topic I don't I don't like it when we
talk about cartoons all right let's show
about serious animates anime is a it's a
hot dog of sandwich do we anything else
talk about with Lehrer I would say I
understand why fans probably think yet I
think I would say you can even say yet a
bad split compared to what we have seen
out of him I think they started kind of
weak and I think he had some struggles
and playoffs where teams as a whole took
advantage of him specifically as a
result of like whether it's pushing
lanes or whatever it was I think he got
destroyed by Mike once in a TSM series
and it happened obviously in the echo
fox one but I don't think he's I would
not be ready to give up Lehrer just yeah
I think you know he we've seen how good
he can be and I think this was
definitely a where split for him but I
don't think he was awful as much as
people think there's just a lot of
memories that stand out yeah I agree
all right thank you so much Duke for a
comment by the way do you have the
gambling fund up on hang on I shouldn't
call it a gambling fun let's just call
it what's what's so safe wait okay we're
gonna call it the if I could find the
thing for where mm-hmm I've trained it
where's that but the setting for that oh
here this we're gonna call it an
entertainment fund okay you're at $4,000
no bits oh it's four thousand bits
$4,300 right no it's it's 43 bucks oh so
you're gonna put that on that's that's
not as sexy no but that's what we'll use
to determine if i stream my placements
but we're back with another caller
sergeant pepper's but the e's have been
replaced with threes so right now
sergeant pepper's where you come from
oh you are very quick can you get close
to your mic I'm calling from Auburn
Alabama ok also turn you up Alabama what
what is uh what's up in Albert Alabama
any interesting anything yeah not really
much at all
I just wanted to talk about how nadeshot
came into this season and just
absolutely put all the other owners to
shame so I was sorry it's so for some
background I've followed nadeshot bit
like pretty much on and off since 2008
and I was pretty skeptical when he first
when I first found out that he was gonna
on a team uh but I think by all measures
he pretty exceeded expectations beyond
what anyone thought was possible and I
just thought it was amazing how he
approached league with such a such a
childlike curiosity and it really made
me more excited for the season than than
any of the other seasons so how much of
it do you think so what what did they
cha do this that you think like but the
other owners the shame um I think
basically just showing that he actually
cares like I remember watching the I
remember watching the first heist
episode I was hammered when I was
watching it but I remember at the end he
said something like all right like the
respect and adulation of the league
community is not going to be given to us
so we're just gonna have to take it and
like that that really spoke to me as a
fan like the just the the carefulness he
approached he approached the league with
and I also think his just as visibility
in the scene is so much greater than
then even other owners that are from
endemic organizations see is a visible
you mean like the transparency and the
way he approaches stuff well just yeah
and like just the role he plays in
the heist and all the interviews he does
like I you can eat you can hear him
yelling behind the cameras when his when
his remember or when his players are
doing interviews with obably I just
think it's amazing so I got a question
for you how much of it do you think it
is just because you know he is such a
charismatic person and obviously he has
like a little bit more youthful
enthusiasm than some other people who
have been doing this for six plus years
which I expect no in a shots around in
season 12 he probably won't be geeking
out behind them every time they make
playoffs or something so like how much
how much do you think of that like I I
agree he was phenomenal for building
their their brand and stuff but how much
of that do you think is like repeatable
I guess in some sense where it is just
because he's so charismatic and it is
because he was so happy yeah I mean I
think there definitely is an aspect of
how much 100 these blew up the season
has to do with nadeshot just coming into
the scene but I think that it's he may
not be a fanboy behind the cameras while
they're doing interviews every season
but I think he can definitely continue
throughout seasons to come showing that
he actually cares about his players he
actually cares about the community just
showing that he's involved I feel like I
feel like a lot of other owners you just
don't you don't know who they are you
don't really know what they do but I
think people can really connect an
eight-shot just because he's so visible
so I think I am curious if you would be
saying all this stuff if they had place
like optic did yes I was yeah I was
thinking about that and but if if you
look at I feel like if you look at all
the content that optic put out compared
to what 100 thieves put out it's just
not really on the same level like in one
way I'm not I'm not disagreeing I'd also
I'd also want to say that like all these
like kind of like behind-the-scenes
shows and maybe it would work with
hundred thieves because he is
charismatic and it is his first season
losing like if they came out and just
sucked you heard we hadn't
content creator episode where we had
like all the heads of the video teams
and they were all just like yet it's
it's really hard to tell a weekly /
bi-weekly story when it's like well we
went one in three we hope we do better
like that's just not an interesting
video so I wonder if nadeshot could
establish the situation like that but it
is a good caution about all the same
time it's hard to do one way only
winning - yes I mean it's like obviously
more positive right and so it makes it a
little easier to watch and like when
you're watching those I think CLG kind
of does this when they had their their
show what's it called like whatever is
holdout remember yeah they have the
another sad piano music and saying that
they're gonna get better and then blah
blah same shit every week it sucks
because you know as a player it sucks to
like do those interviews and you don't
want to be that situation that so I
agree that nadeshot did a really good
job so I think out of all the teams that
came in through franchising I I have
been most impressed by hundred thieves
no offense - to clutch and their player
who's on the show right now we've talked
a lot about 100 this on the show before
though which is why I don't want to harp
on it too much but their content has
been really good you've got even down to
little things like Nate shuts out buying
everybody shoes the night before the
games like that that those little things
that they do I think add a lot of
attention and love to that team I do
think that one of the things that they
did that was the best was picking up
prolly because prolly for my
understanding built that whole team by
himself and then hired the support staff
and all that stuff because it was
basically from my understanding for my
understand from talking them it was
basically like re you have all these
business people you've gotten a shot now
how do you build a successful team and
they got prolly and then probably like
picked those players and certainly the
business people and all those folks were
able to help like negotiate the deals
and get the funding and everything that
they needed to secure those players but
like I think in our world where they had
gun prolly like I imagine if they had
gotten Zabu teen instead and Zabu teen
had built the roster or the optic though
well so and maybe the money situations
are a little different no I was just
gonna say that like I don't think they
would have picked up zabi teen like I I
talked to the like hundred thieves
people like yo so maybe there's a little
mark no no extra mistake I said like
they clearly had a good head on their
shoulders from the top because they were
talking to you from the beginning or
saying no they were just like they reach
out to a lot of people I'm sure they
interest talked to me but for my
conversation at their roster why I am a
hundred percent I got second place this
litter on the Ella's desk I've just said
as they were impressive the reason they
got probably what is a good decision I
agree but I'm saying like they make good
decisions as an or top down they got an
eight shot as well like it wasn't just
nadeshot it was like the the Cleveland
guys which you never hear about cuz they
shots the face that or but like the
Cleveland guys got an age shot as like
the person they were partnering with and
then they got prolly and then like you
know they all they made good decisions
the whole way down yeah I just think if
you hadn't gotten prolly it would have
been a lot harder they would have been a
lot harder and I don't think they would
have had to success they had and more
than anything in this industry success
dries fandom and love you know like
optical Guardians they could have like
the coolest guys ever and they're just
like like the most passionate owner ever
but if you're stuck at the bottom of the
standings and people aren't watching
your games like you're nobody's gonna
care about you so I have a question for
a Paula kind of about content stuff did
you ever feel like you wished your team
was doing more around you um
do I wish that we did more yeah because
you guys didn't really have too much
like content going out early on the
season and like one of the first I
remember you guys put out there your
clutch beats TSM voice comms video and
you guys have like 900 subs on your
YouTube channel at that point yeah and
then it went up popular video that I
think that would do well was it got on
reddit but it was it was just funny to
see like you have 900 subs you know week
one at week two of playoffs or something
yeah I mean I don't know fight all for
some of it I haven't
like many teams where we do like that
much film yeah right follows like though
I used to teams like not doing any of
the filming stuff but I think it would
be nice to have a little more fanbase
waking up on the network and I'm sure
their work I mean we're working on
things you know stuffs in the works but
at the same time I don't really mind not
having like cameras all around me you
know so yeah there's like there's ups
and downsides to it again like well cuz
we're saying a shot put the other owners
to shame yeah sergeant Pembry shots the
best what is your favorite thing about
nature Oh God if you don't say his smile
oh he smiles up there but I think just
the way he keeps his beard trimmed just
amazing yeah well we're on the topic of
honors while we're on the topic boners
imma tell a funny story from this past
weekend and I I think I can keep a team
enough and anonymous enough that no one
will know so I'm bringing it up because
we're on the topic voters this is just a
roading show yeah yeah oh yeah oh you
know about this yeah
yeah he told me a couple times so the IE
I later on found out like everything
that happened but I'm not gonna oh and
he told a taint version they're not so
team P well either way for those of you
that don't know I work with the guy
named Broden I tweet about him in Los
he's he's in my videos often he's like
the video guy that I work with and the
night before the third and fourth-place
match we did a hotline league live and
then we had the venue until midnight
around midnight we had to wrap
everything up we have to bring the gear
back so we bring the gear back and I'm
like alright I'm probably gonna go out
and grab some food with some friends and
then I'm gonna turn in he's like yeah
I'm gonna go like hang out some other
friends I'm like okay so anyway the next
day I check the Instagram story Bros
Instagram story I wake up
and I wake up probably around 11:00
because I was on East Coast time or West
Coast time and I just look at the story
its he's like at some Club he's like Oh
cardi B is here playing on our
performing on stage at this club this is
all these crate like dancing all I'm
like what is going on and then I see it
the next I keep going through I think
it's like it's like I probably shouldn't
be seeing this and it's just a picture
of the Sun rising over the ocean and I'm
like what happe he finally wakes up we
go get food we meet at the venue and all
the stuff and then I won't say who but
one of the one of the many different
owners because you know there's always
like the front-facing owner and then
there's all these other so one of the
many different people involved in
illegal absence ownership team looks
over abroad and it's like and again I've
these people did not know each other and
and he goes Broda in my man like
high-five zoom they do this hug like all
this stuff and then he looks at me he's
like oh sup Travis rather than they're
like joking and laughing I'm like what
happened last night anyway I found out
later we'll never be able to repeat it
but it was it was interesting yeah bro
runs the exact kind of guy who we just
get caught up in a wild night by being
him
yeah but not because he but just by
being there is correct like he never
will initiate it he's never gonna be
like let's go do this he will just sort
of tag along and like anyways I gotta go
soon it's a great story and by soon I
mean like thank you so much sergeant
pepper's yeah thanks probably appreciate
all right right now if we hit 600 subs
Apollo will coach me and do it do with
me and ranked as I finished my placement
for at least Wednesday at least 17 away
knowing what happens on Travis's channel
stone was just gonna gift 17 fucking
subs out that would be no one would do
that mark Apollo won't necessarily do
that unless he's a Paul are you do you
want to play game if you do six anyway
yep you have what how many steps to go
583 other 600 he's 17 more
okay yeah okay do you 17-7 I'll do it
all right okay
I mentioned that I always start
something new between splits hasn't
happened hasn't not happened yet it
always happens so keep an eye out on me
I'll be grading some shit great love it
all my Twitter Apolo yeah oh I'm
supposed to shut up um I've no
announcement I don't have anything in
the works thanks for watching and
continue support us at clutch and yeah
that's all I got I think so much to
Apolo for coming on the show
thank you thank you - Owen by HP for
supporting the show I thinks everybody
who came out to hotline League live last
week that was actually maybe the
highlight of my weekend
no offense oh it was definitely mine
that was my favorite fucking worked it
worked and the event was cool everybody
had such a good time you guys
unfortunately I think we didn't do as
good of a job of showing like how cool
the venue was but it was really nice so
cool and I'm really yeah the right guys
doing I'm pretty sorry for doing that
thank you the right guys for tuning up
and thanks for everyone who tuned in
during that time thanks for watching we
stream lists normally Mondays at 8 p.m.
it is a little bit of a different time a
different day right now but we will
hopefully be returning to our normal
schedule soon as we head into MSI this
is also available on iTunes and Google
Play if you want to listen to the audio
version my twitch channel says so teal
Travis if you do want to watch it live
and clips of the show as well as the
full show usually show up on the YouTube
channel within 24 to 48 hours so thank
you so much to everybody who watched
this has been episode 21 of hot line
League